segment_1.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_1.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_1.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_1.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_10.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_10.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_10.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_10.jpg:Give me an insight of image yes
segment_11.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_11.jpg:There is a car? no
segment_11.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_11.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_12.jpg:What color is using? white
segment_12.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_12.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_12.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_13.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_13.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_13.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_13.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_14.jpg:What color is using? white
segment_14.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_14.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_14.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_15.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_15.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_15.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_15.jpg:Give me an insight of image yes
segment_16.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_16.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_16.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_16.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_17.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_17.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_17.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_17.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_18.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_18.jpg:There is a car? no
segment_18.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_18.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_19.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_19.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_19.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_19.jpg:Give me an insight of image yes
segment_2.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_2.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_2.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_2.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_20.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_20.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_20.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_20.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_21.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_21.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_21.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_21.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_22.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_22.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_22.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_22.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_23.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_23.jpg:There is a car? no
segment_23.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_23.jpg:Give me an insight of image yes
segment_24.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_24.jpg:There is a car? no
segment_24.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_24.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_25.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_25.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_25.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_25.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_26.jpg:What color is using? white
segment_26.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_26.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_26.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_27.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_27.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_27.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_27.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_28.jpg:What color is using? white
segment_28.jpg:There is a car? no
segment_28.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_28.jpg:Give me an insight of image yes
segment_29.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_29.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_29.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_29.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_3.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_3.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_3.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_3.jpg:Give me an insight of image yes
segment_30.jpg:What color is using? green
segment_30.jpg:There is a car? no
segment_30.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_30.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_31.jpg:What color is using? green
segment_31.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_31.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_31.jpg:Give me an insight of image yes
segment_32.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_32.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_32.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_32.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_33.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_33.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_33.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_33.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_34.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_34.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_34.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_34.jpg:Give me an insight of image yes
segment_35.jpg:What color is using? white
segment_35.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_35.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_35.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_36.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_36.jpg:There is a car? no
segment_36.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_36.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_37.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_37.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_37.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_37.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_38.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_38.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_38.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_38.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_39.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_39.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_39.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_39.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_4.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_4.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_4.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_4.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_40.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_40.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_40.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_40.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_41.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_41.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_41.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_41.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_42.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_42.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_42.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_42.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_43.jpg:What color is using? black
segment_43.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_43.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_43.jpg:Give me an insight of image yes
segment_5.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_5.jpg:There is a car? no
segment_5.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_5.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_6.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_6.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_6.jpg:There is a bicycle? yes
segment_6.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_7.jpg:What color is using? white
segment_7.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_7.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_7.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_8.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_8.jpg:There is a car? no
segment_8.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_8.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
segment_9.jpg:What color is using? red
segment_9.jpg:There is a car? yes
segment_9.jpg:There is a bicycle? no
segment_9.jpg:Give me an insight of image no
